if you feel that someone is being harassed, obviously has passed the friendly
point. Um, and you think that's going a little bit too far?
You have several different, um, methods that you can you can resolve
to to get it, um, get you taken care of. One way is direct. You know,
you just go over to the person you say, Hey, um, I know. So what's
going on? Maybe you should chill out, whoever it is, And, uh, and
that that might work another way. It could be indirect, Which means
that you might not know the two people, you know, they could be strangers,
but you might notice that their friend had been hanging out with
them. You can kind of talk with him and say, Hey, you know what?
Like I noticed this going on because you kind of go over there and
make sure everything's mellow. Another alternative is, uh, you can use
the protocol, which is you go to their, uh whatever. Supervisory,
um, person is there, So if it's on the ship, it could be an MP military
police. If it's out in the club, you could go to the bartender.
Maybe there's a manager. Maybe there's a bartender. Maybe there's a
local police officer, you know? Um, yeah, You have some authority authoritarian
figures that you can go to to kind of like Mel out. The
situation on there's also like if none of those work, um, or if you
want tohave a little bit more casual, um, way toe talk, these people
you can do, um, distraction. That's when, like, you see, you see the
two people having some kind of interaction and you say, Hey, you
know what? Like let's go play pool or Lett's Let's have this conversation
over here. Let's go dancing. Um, you don't mention the topic directly,
but you do change the topic based on something that you think
might be a little bit more friendly to them.